About WordPress
Indonesia Climate Modeling & Policy…
Edit site
11 update available
00 Comments in moderation
New
Edit template
Search
Howdy, admin
Log Out

Home
Objectives
Members
About us
Contact Us
Climate modeling for better future
ICLIMB is a hub where climate modelers, researchers, and policymakers from different institutions share and accumulate knowledge about climate modeling and its policy implications.

Contact Us
View Members
Objectives

Collaboration
Strategic discussion among the modeling and policy communities to enhance broader access to information among members

Integrity
Accountability and transparency related to specifications, scenarios, as well as the data and parameters utilized in the climate model

Empowerment
Promote local activities to develop climate, energy, and economic models for exercises (i.e., multi-sectoral, multi-faceted, and regional models)

Transparency
Promote open-source modeling to further enable transparency and replicability of assessments

Refinement
Optimization, improvements, and more effective targeting for climate modeling to gain policy insight

Engagement
Strengthening communication between researchers and research outcomes with policymakers on climate-related issues

Discover a new way to build website
Get online quickly with easy-to-use Full Site Editor builder

Exchange Platform
Events hosted or co-hosted by members.
Open lectures.
Publications, promotions, and dissemination of events.
Capacity Building Platform
Training modeling and non-modeling skills: ex. model orientation workshops, green finance workshops, and communication strategy workshops.

Identifying existing and required research, as well as research gaps via workshops and scoping studies.

03

Beautiful global styles
Global styles enable us to create and apply consistent design elements across the entire website, including typography, colors, and spacing. Providing us with more control over our website’s look and feel.

Learn More

Members

Host Institutions
Get online quickly with easy-to-use Full Site Editor builder

LPEM FEB UI
The Hub secretariat will oversee the Hub and serve as the primary organizer of all Hub activities. Every year, the hub secretariat will roll out for all core members, but for the first two years, it will be hosted by the Institute for Economic and Social Research (Lembaga Penyelidikan Ekonomi dan Masyarakat/LPEM), Fakultas Ekonomi dan Bisnis Universitas Indonesia.

THE HUB WILL BE LED AND SUPPORTED BY

Dr. Alin Halimatussadiah (Coordinator)
LPEM FEB UI

alin.halimatussadiah@ui.ac.id

Dr. Arnita Rishanty (Vice Coordinator)
Bank Indonesia Institute

arnitarishanty@gmail.com

Frequently Asked Questions
How to become a member?
The Hub membership scheme will be institutional-based, with an opportunity for individuals to also become a member. Individuals who want to join needs to provide an acknowledgment from their institution. Two types of memberships includes core members and observers. Core members are institutions and individuals who are committed to involve and support the Hub’s activities. Meanwhile, the observers are the members who have made a relatively low commitment to the Hub by participating in only a few Hub activities. The observer may become a key member of the Hub in the longer term.

What are some benefits of using Full Site Editing?
Full Site Editing provides a more user-friendly, streamlined approach to website design and customization. It allows users to see changes in real-time, provides more control over design elements, and enables developers to create more custom blocks and templates.

Can I use Full Site Editing on my existing WordPress website?
Yes, you can use Full Site Editing on an existing WordPress website by installing a compatible theme that supports the feature.

Do I need to know how to code to use Full Site Editing?
No, Full Site Editing does not require knowledge of coding or web development. The drag-and-drop interface and pre-designed templates make it easy for users to create a professional-looking website without any coding experience.

Latest from the blog
Uncategorized
Hello world!
admin

·

Nov 25, 2023
Build your own website
Take your website to the next level!

Get Started

Nisl libero ullamcorper id ipsum viverra mauris non pellentesque placerat lorem lacinia sagittis non pretium.

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
PRODUCTS

Products List
Plans & Pricing
Services
Partners
COMPANY

About Us
News
Contact Us
Meet Our Team
RESOURCES

Gallery
Blog Articles
Brand Assets
Brand Guidelines
SUPPORT

Knowledge Base
Contact Support
Privacy Policy
TOS
© 2023 ·

Indonesia Climate Modeling & Policy Hub
· All rights reserved
